Editorial change in the introduction (#74)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

The increasing prevalence of cloud computing and micro service architectures has led to the rise of complex software functions being built and deployed as systems composed of workloads, where a workload is defined as a running instance of software executing for a specific purpose.

> Workloads need to be provisioned with an identity when they are started. Often, additional information needs to be provided, such as trust anchors and security context details. Workloads make use of identity information and additional context information to perform authentication and authorization. Workload identity credential is used to authenticate communications between workloads.

Author: ```suggestion
Workloads need to be provisioned with an identity when they are started. Often, additional information needs to be provided, such as trust anchors and security context details. Workloads make use of identity information and additional context information to perform authentication and authorization. Workload identity credentials are used to authenticate communications between workloads.
```
